PORTAL-2903: Add doc for access rework on ER/Flex/Support (#40)
akeneo/portal-helpcenter: content/md/support/manage-support-access.md

![Add existing company contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_access.png)

## Add access to an existing contact from another company

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact, `This contact exists in the portal.` must appear.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add existing contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_existing_contact.png)

## Add access to a new contact

Supervisors or Project Managers have the possibility to **create a new contact** from this form. It is possible to attach this contact directly to your company or to declare it as external.
The external contact will be visible from the contacts of your company and will be removed from your company if it is no longer linked to your company. For example, if you delete its access.

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact you want to create, `This contact doesn't exist in the portal, you can create it.` must appear.
1. Choose if the contact is from the company or an external one.
1. Fill in the contact information.

> 1. In the case of a company contact, you can give him different groups.

Reviewer: you can assign them different groups

1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_access.gif)

Please wait a moment for the change to be effective. The status will change from `activation pending` to `Activated` once done.

Then the contact will **receive a mail** in order to **activate their helpdesk account** if they don't have one yet.

> Once your access created in the Akeneo Portal, if you have access to the `JIRA SDS Helpdesk` for the first time, you received an email to reset your `JIRA password`.

Reviewer: Once you have access to the Akeneo portal, you will be able to connector to the JIRA SDS helpdesk for the first time, you will receive an email to reset your password.

1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact, `This contact exists in the portal.` must appear.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add existing contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_existing_contact.png)

**Add access to a new contact:**

::: info
You have the possibility to create a new contact from this form. It is possible to attach this contact directly to your company or to declare it as external.
The external contact will be visible from the contacts of your company and will be removed from your company if it is no longer linked to your company. For example, if you delete its access.
:::

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact you want to create, `This contact doesn't exist in the portal, you can create it.` must appear.
1. Choose if the contact is from the company or an external one.
1. Fill in the contact information.
1. In the case of a company contact, you can give him different groups.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_access.gif)

::: info

> The new contact will receive an email to update his password and an email indicating that he has access to the support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new contact will receive an email to define his Portal password
```
Both info should be merged, as the second one is talking about the second email.

Go to the `User Access` tab to see the list of contacts having a support access.

> **Add access to an existing contact of your company:**

Reviewer 2: Can you put those actions as a secondary level? They will appear in the left menu, and it will be consistent with other access, as defined above ^^.

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select an existing contact`
1. Select a contact. The list contains the contacts from your company who already have a `Console User` profile.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add existing company contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_access.png)

> **Add access to an existing contact from another company:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Add access to an existing contact from another company**
```

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact, `This contact exists in the portal.` must appear.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add existing contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_existing_contact.png)

> **Add access to a new contact:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Add access to a new contact**
```

> ::: info

Reviewer 2: remove info block

You have the possibility to create a new contact from this form. It is possible to attach this contact directly to your company or to declare it as external.
The external contact will be visible from the contacts of your company and will be removed from your company if it is no longer linked to your company. For example, if you delete its access.

> The contact created at the same time as the access will automatically have the console users group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::

1. Click on the `Add contact` button
1. Select `Select other contact`
1. Enter the email of the contact you want to create, `This contact doesn't exist in the portal, you can create it.` must appear.
1. Choose if the contact is from the company or an external one.
1. Fill in the contact information.
1. In the case of a company contact, you can give him different groups.
1. Click on the `Add Contact access` button to validate the creation.

![Add contact form](../img/helpdesk_add_access.gif)

> ::: info

Reviewer 2: Can you remove this info block?

The new contact will receive an email to define his password.
:::

::: info
Please wait a moment for the change to be effective. The status will change from `activation pending` to `Activated` once done.
:::

Then the contact will **receive a mail** in order to **activate their helpdesk account** if they don't have one yet.

Once your access created in the Portal, if you have access to the `JIRA SDS Helpdesk` for the first time, you received an email to reset your `JIRA password`.
You need to follow the screencast instructions to login to the JIRA SDS Helpdesk.

> 

Reviewer 2: * The documentation does not contain the reset password link. Can you add it?

![Support contact list deletion](../img/helpdesk_remove_access.png)

# Reset a user's password for support access

![Support reset password access](../img/helpdesk_reset_password.gif)

::: info

> The contact will receive an email to change his password on the helpdesk.

Reviewer: to change their password on the helpdesk
